Gwenevere Abriel: Lauren Anderson.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice walk with your, with your mosquito.
Lauren Anderson: Actually, we haven't gone yet.
Lauren Anderson: Meeting. Yeah, just
Lauren Anderson: short on time so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's give a try to turning. Sometimes the phone will go sideways on one side and not the other. Let's give it a try. Slip it, see what happens because I'm sideways and on this part opened up a note for us, got an important morning
Lauren Anderson: Mike Hello, wake up. It didn't last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just flip it on the other side.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're waiting. There we go. That should work.
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know why that makes like no sense to me. But
Lauren Anderson: That's weird. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I watched people and they're like, well, one side work. So I'm just pass it along. Oh, you just seem like you feel better. Are you feeling a little better.
Lauren Anderson: feel a lot better. Honestly, I'm though, like to be honest I i've been I was not feeling well. Those first two days, taking the 20 so I've been taking 24 like the three whole tablets. The last three days. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Your insurance is covering that
Lauren Anderson: Oh, well, the good Rx coupon. It's pretty reasonable. I still haven't my insurance has lapsed right now, and it'll be cheap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cheap. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: It's comes through.
Lauren Anderson: I right
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, let's we'll get into that maybe a little later today. I've got to just dive right in and get into some of these questions so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be quiet for just a moment, as I do this opening up the record.
Oh, that's not it. This is an initial assessment.
Gwenevere Abriel: All my coffee has not been digested. I went out and tried to do a shopping
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually found toilet paper.
Lauren Anderson: Ones. It's always empty.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like a lion cougar, you know, life site. Yes.
Lauren Anderson: What about I think one of the weird ones. I was talking to my mom about is flower that all the flowers gone
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah I wanted
Lauren Anderson: People are panicking on
Gwenevere Abriel: A boy. So yeah, I went into Costco and I just went by to see if there was a long line I walked right in and I got one of the big, big toilet papers. I just feel like, like a conqueror.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Variable. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm jumping on here without doing my shower so I'm just a little Trudy doubt I like I shouted. I haven't showered yet but I'm
Lauren Anderson: Going to jump into are in good company.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well you know I won't, I won't spread anything to you anyway. I feel like, you know, I just gotta spray down my little area never really touches the stuff that I'm touching
Lauren Anderson: Part of the beauty of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Medicine. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so today I just, again, I want to apologize. It's gonna it's gonna sound like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Age of first us how much, how often what was the progression last shoes. What about this substance age of first us how much, how often
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not. This isn't a time for like our long story, it's that'll happen like in a nice flow when you and I need for individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today is the bio psychosocial and I've got to get, you know, where were you born
Gwenevere Abriel: And what medications, Baba, Baba. And they're just going to be sort of short tight answers because I gotta jam it into one hour. And it's really like a two hour assessment. So I apologize if I'm like short or cut you off at any time.
Lauren Anderson: That's okay. I tend to go on and on. You got to cut me off. I know, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so how we do this. I'll say I'm great answer. Can I, can I ask this. How about I just do that.
Lauren Anderson: Because you know do that and I'll notice
Lauren Anderson: If you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about how about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This like meaning short answer something like
Gwenevere Abriel: That okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool, cool, cool. So remember, this is just, it's going to be just the facts, the story is going to come later because I want to give that a lot, a lot, a lot of respect in time and we want
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to dive right in. Just a super quick introduce myself. So at least you have a little idea of who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you know, my name is when you can call me when one of your hey you my therapist that counselor lady, whatever you want. I'm not going to take it personally, I've been doing this for over 20 years licensed in Florida. Right, right, hovering around 21 years, New Mexico, it'll be three in
Gwenevere Abriel: June lot a lot a lot of enjoyment, working with population that have struggled with whether it's process addiction chemical dependence big piece of the career was 14 years and felony drug court.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've pretty much heard all the stories.
Lauren Anderson: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know, I know. I looked like kind of Pollyanna like naive and and a pushover. But let's see.
Lauren Anderson: Never. It's hard to I'm pretty bad at judging people at first.
Lauren Anderson: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I will tell you one thing that's important. One thing really really important is this phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is my personal cell, but we won't treat it like a chit chat and what I'll do is I'll send you. Hey, a week. Good for tomorrow's appointment. You just as we have, yes, we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do it 24 hopefully hours in advance and write me back. Because if you don't, what will happen is, I'll go oh
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't earn a living. If I don't have a client booked at a certain time. So I might be reaching out to someone who's on my on call list and say, Hey, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I might have an opening so so I really want that 24 hours in advance, we can't, we can't fill that spot and I can't, I can't pay my mortgage
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I only I only earned it. When you and I are here. I don't, um, so on a on a cell phone. This is a pretty critical piece because people forget it. We're so used to quick text quick text.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't do therapy through texting. So you might have a big feeling like I'm so triggered right now having a big I'm so angry. I'm so sad and you'll what you'll get back might feel cold, but it won't intend to be. It might sound like this. Hey, when can we meet in zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then you go up, you know, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about how about an
Gwenevere Abriel: Hour. Or how about it, three o'clock tomorrow, and then I'll write back and say yes.
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's pretty quick appointments happen pretty quick. Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Lauren Anderson: Awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's totally cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. This totally works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Especially right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people don't have bars and have any money right now and it's total chaos, but we can still kind of get our emotional state regulated and that's neat.
Lauren Anderson: Super cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. The other thing is, I think you're seeing doctor brielle for the medication assisted therapy. Correct.
Lauren Anderson: She's allowed us. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Long
Gwenevere Abriel: gray hair.
Lauren Anderson: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this piece is important. Um, She is my mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you won't see it in here. It's my role to protect the clinical boundaries, it's not her. So you may hear her talking about family. She may over disclose her role is not quite the same as mine, mine is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is to protect boundaries is to make sure the relationship stays where she sort of stays in her medication lane and I stay in my psychotherapeutic claim.
Lauren Anderson: But
Gwenevere Abriel: But she won't watch it the same way. I will. So something comes up and make sure that you use. I want you to feel welcome to bring it up to me because
Lauren Anderson: We
Gwenevere Abriel: Have mothers or we have fathers and we we see dynamics. And it's like, what was that and what
Lauren Anderson: You can
Lauren Anderson: Do you want me to let you know if she gets a little too personal. You mean
Lauren Anderson: Well, I lost. Oh, there you are. If I go talk to me. I think she needs water. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah, go for it.
Lauren Anderson: I'm taking you with me.
Lauren Anderson: So it's already gone so mom don't see personal. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's more like this year, the client.
Lauren Anderson: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comes up for you, like I felt this or that. When I heard this or that or saw this or that or just seeing a parent child together may trigger something
Gwenevere Abriel: And it would be, I think, a poor decision for me to not tell you that that existed but my point is, you people have not known for years because they forget this conversation.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I actually guest your last name for up the other day and I guess I thought my mom and
Lauren Anderson: Daughter, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm not going to reference you won't know much how many kids, you won't know my family won't know that because this will
Lauren Anderson: Help you. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't want my clients to think they have to take care of me so that part's really really really clear up front.
Lauren Anderson: But if anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Comes up. You are so welcome to talk to me about it. And without further ado, I've got to dive right in. So
Gwenevere Abriel: You're coming to bright heart health. And were you already on buprenorphine off the streets. We're coming straight from heroin from fentanyl I heard some cocaine history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just focusing on the opiates, for a moment, we're just going to start writing the opiates. What brought you in to bright heart health.
Lauren Anderson: I went to a seven day detox and got off heroin and onto subs. So he checks. And then I thought I had a plan for when I left. And that's, I called you guys kind of in a panic because I had didn't have an option here really
Lauren Anderson: That's how I found you. Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: This as it is now. How many days if you've been
Gwenevere Abriel: On the buprenorphine.
Lauren Anderson: Today's the what the 28th. So a month and a day. Oh, no, no, you know what, exactly, a month because I got them 27th and they started me on the next day. So since the 28th of February.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm also I'll sound kind of weird, because I'll say things like this please transcribe verbatim. Or I might take time to nice lifetime history of it because it's being transcribed because I won't be able to catch everything you're saying. So that's why I'll sound funny.
Lauren Anderson: You're talking to your computer.
Gwenevere Abriel: So alright so let's transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Client history, all the way through. So we can catch all these details. So here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Age of first use of and I differentiate short acting opiates between long acting so you're on what's called a long acting opiate
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is buprenorphine it's it stays in your bloodstream out on paper. It says it's 36 hours you guys tend to feel it start to wear down about 24 so that's long acting, whereas you know with heroin, bam, you get straight up right you like last
Lauren Anderson: Night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I need it right away. So same with the Percocet, the Aussies the hydrogen is a short acting. Same with fentanyl so short acting so it's all jumped into most of them are short acting and then
Gwenevere Abriel: In here, I'll just be referring to that buprenorphine Suboxone is a brand name, so I won't always say Suboxone because they're also stopped ready. There's Sandoz
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is a brand. So it's going to be buprenorphine is the active ingredient that's long acting. Here we go, as your first use of first opiate when was that
Lauren Anderson: Long or short acting
Gwenevere Abriel: As a Jew first short acting
Lauren Anderson: I'm
Lauren Anderson: 3435
Lauren Anderson: Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it
Lauren Anderson: Heroin
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and so you used it like once and fell in love with it or how did it come about.
Lauren Anderson: Um, no. I was on subs for a long time, actually. And then, and then I got off of them. And then I've kind of lost my insurance and all my
Lauren Anderson: Medication. So I started taking them again on the street and after like two years of that I couldn't find them anymore and I gotten sick enough. I started buying heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your orders pretty
Lauren Anderson: pretty unique coming to flip it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around and I'm going to start with. So your first use of opiate wish was long acting
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Hello, Maria
Lauren Anderson: Um, let's see. I was like 2009 so it's like 28
Gwenevere Abriel: What and where you prescribe this
Lauren Anderson: At the beginning, know your boyfriend. I tried it from
Lauren Anderson: Okay, and then shortly after that, I started getting it prescribed. Yes.
For what
Lauren Anderson: I had told them that I was I was an ex heroin addict in order to get the subs and unfortunately
Gwenevere Abriel: How long were you prescribe the buprenorphine.
Lauren Anderson: Then I started like by the summer of oh nine, maybe, and I weaned off of them. By the end of
Lauren Anderson: You know, I think it was in like November 2011
Gwenevere Abriel: And then boyfriend maybe introduce you to heroin at 34
Lauren Anderson: No, I, I had a real traumatic relationship. And I was just using I started using really heavily and I started instead of snorting cocaine. I started shooting it. And then I started by subs and including the subs with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm going to say it back. I'm just, just looking at it at opiate right now. I know it's tricky. Here we go. The correct, correct me if I'm wrong first use buprenorphine 2009 boyfriend introduces it then I get it prescribed through 2011
Lauren Anderson: Up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I can't quite tell the opiate use. I can't
Lauren Anderson: Then there's none, I just started drinking real heavily and I'm still doing coke and then it gets bad enough, once I start shooting the Coke, I start buying subs to to help handle the huge up
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Use it as a downer.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. So, because I can't do the math in my head quickly. I'm just going to stick with the year because I, I can't, I don't know where he calls in
Lauren Anderson: March 2014 when I started the subs again.
Gwenevere Abriel: 2014 that seemed that's a year you're
Lauren Anderson: You're saying to me, long time. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's the years 2020
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I started getting the subs 2014 and then I could stop it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, it
Gwenevere Abriel: Out 2014 I'm the one having that duly mind. Okay, here we go on subs on how to get started started them in 2014
Lauren Anderson: Again, yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Okay. At the end of 2011 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Please, please transcribe verbatim. I think my caffeine hasn't hit just know everything she's saying, Okay, so here we go. I think we're good. Thanks. You hold you are so for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened between 2014 and as far as opiate use and today.
Lauren Anderson: Um, well, I was buying from 2014 I was buying it on the streets and I could not find it anywhere. Um,
Lauren Anderson: And so let's see. It was actually April 29 of 2017 I did the heroin, for the first time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and how did it progress for
Lauren Anderson: It was immediate switch, pretty much. I couldn't find sub. So I started doing heroin and I did it from then until this February, pretty much. I did a detox once and tried another time and didn't complete it. And then the third time with the most recent so it's pretty much
Gwenevere Abriel: I heroin was done I intervene.
Lauren Anderson: The first one
Lauren Anderson: I'd be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at its worst, you were doing, how much
Lauren Anderson: Um, well, at the end, I was doing it.
Lauren Anderson: Emily, actually, because I couldn't even shoot it anymore. So I was doing a lot more at the end, maybe a at least three grams a day or something and
Gwenevere Abriel: And your last use was we're thinking February 2019 to
Lauren Anderson: Ya know, my last few. So is this year 2020 2020
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: Early morning before I went to treatment that morning. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: At its worst, it was right up there at three grams and that's that's right up in February, was that three ground us
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, but that was I was only doing every 12 hours because it was up my butt. But before it was actually more of a nightmare. When I was unit because it was every fucking three hours.
Lauren Anderson: And I felt I had more, a little more leeway. I didn't get as anxious and stuff. Once I switched it, but it was just became so unmanageable financially and I was just miserable. I was just so unhappy with myself in my life. So, you know,
Lauren Anderson: Probably pretty common. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. That gets attention, doesn't it.
Lauren Anderson: All right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm manageable. All right. Um, let's move over to Asia.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asia first use of fentanyl
Lauren Anderson: Um, I only tried that once.
Lauren Anderson: When I was up, I don't know, maybe, like, seven, eight months ago. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: And I just
Lauren Anderson: swallowed them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. It was one time. Yes. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Just once I wanted to see how it was. If it was effective or as effective as heroin or cheaper. That was it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay client reports, one time use
Gwenevere Abriel: Seven months ago and
Gwenevere Abriel: About any
Gwenevere Abriel: For me, and then didn't meet a criteria for our accrediting body, okay. It's okay, just really just between us. I'll be the one
Gwenevere Abriel: So for use of cradle lifetime.
Lauren Anderson: Use of what
Gwenevere Abriel: Pray them if you don't know the word already know the answer.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client nice lifetime used to create them first use of where else we gotta roll around too hot spice.
Lauren Anderson: Oh my god, I've smoked it twice. I can't believe it is second time I thought I was gonna die. The first time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really have
Lauren Anderson: died last time I'm
Lauren Anderson: I'm either at the years and then I can convert it. But, uh, let's see if
Gwenevere Abriel: We can stick with the IRS. Let's go with the IRS.
Lauren Anderson: Was he was like late 2011 maybe I tried smoking it
Lauren Anderson: Earlier, maybe a little year before that. And then the second time was, let's see, like mid 2014
Lauren Anderson: God awful. I thought died.
Gwenevere Abriel: He first use of
Gwenevere Abriel: tobacco product.
Lauren Anderson: 13 and a half.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the progression from there.
Lauren Anderson: Um, I always like cigarettes, even before I tried them i did was appealing to me. I don't know. I've always smoked.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much up now.
Lauren Anderson: We roll them about the equivalent of a pack a day, I guess.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And agent first use of alcohol and progression.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Like yeah like RK started at 14 and oh my gosh I was partying every weekend and then it went to every day. And so just big chunks of time as we can so
Lauren Anderson: Uh, let's see a fall of 95 through a spring of 97 and I would just be occasional like a weekend party that was fresh freshman, sophomore in high school and
Gwenevere Abriel: We passing out blacking out during that time.
Lauren Anderson: No, I've never blacked out actually. I was so drunk drink rubbing alcohol once and I blacked out
Gwenevere Abriel: What year was that
Lauren Anderson: Oh, gosh.
Lauren Anderson: I'm not sure. Maybe 2006 ish
Lauren Anderson: Okay, okay, okay.
Lauren Anderson: All right, why
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't we go to 1997 weekend partying.
Lauren Anderson: 9597 and then I went on drugs substances well cigarettes. I still do. But, um,
Lauren Anderson: And then it wasn't till I started cocaine 18 and a half that drinking slowly got introduced don't think it really start drinking till like age 19 and then
Lauren Anderson: I don't know, just kind of often on it was more like benders I do drink pretty like light beer here and there, and then I'd go on a bender goodbye bottle. The day you know
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever have results in you developing what a chemical dependence on it where if you weren't drinking in the morning, maybe you'd get the shakes the DTS.
Lauren Anderson: I never had the shakes, but I got hung over every time I drank, even if I didn't get drunk and the really the only thing that ever helped it was to drink again usually like a police. The Bloody Mary or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: So often are in the morning, kind of
Lauren Anderson: Yeah yeah
Lauren Anderson: Okay, I was always a morning drinker. But when I did drink. Could that be the first thing I do to feel better. Basically because they have over
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Lauren Anderson: What a nightmare. And basically I quit drinking all together when I started this up within like a week I was not drinking anymore.
Lauren Anderson: When the boyfriend. Sorry. Give me subs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, quit drinking. I got to see when it was here like
Lauren Anderson: To play 2008 2009 ish
Guy doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. At its worst, how much were you drinking a day.
Lauren Anderson: A bottle bottle and a half plus six to 12 pack of beer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know how many ounces. We're in the bottles and then they make small bottle.
Lauren Anderson: It's like the regular the fifth or whatever the regular bottle. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah I don't keep her in the house. I didn't know if I got a gallon, I'll just keep drinking it take naps drink it take naps till it's gone. So really easy to get on the bad cycle liquor quickly, you know, happens fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was your last step or drink.
Lauren Anderson: When I first got out of detox. This time I I really I think I told you guys on Monday, you know, in the doctor.
Lauren Anderson: That I really still does wasn't feeling that great on two and a half of them. The 20 milligrams a day. So when I first got out of the detox that I was feeling that and
Lauren Anderson: I had like five beers. My fridge and I drink those over the course of like two and a half days. I was just miserably sick. The whole time from
Gwenevere Abriel: A week ago, right, or two.
Lauren Anderson: That would have been on March 5 march 5 sixth and seventh
Lauren Anderson: And it was just total about five beers. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I wrote it. I wrote
Lauren Anderson: For Dale's pale ales and one green Foster's
Lauren Anderson: Okay but malleable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go to just a little bit more around the alcohol. You ever have people say, Hey girl, you really need to cut back and you were kind of annoyed.
Lauren Anderson: Know my mom's calm into a couple times. But other than that, no.
So we'll go with endorsement.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about did you ever try to cut back and you're like, No, this is so hard. I can't do it.
Lauren Anderson: Uh, it was kind of an all or nothing thing for me because like I said I have even when I first start like that we can just the one beer that first day I had to drink. The next day, or I felt like I did to feel better. So
Gwenevere Abriel: This is kind of a closed ended question. See, which comes up. That's true for you.
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that you try to cut back and you can't do it. Were there times in your life when you tried and you couldn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you couldn't stop.
Lauren Anderson: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when you want it to. You can you can stop when you want to
Lauren Anderson: With the alcohol. But yeah, the problems, my emotions and I would be on emotional benders and cut myself a bunch and do a bunch of drugs give myself a bunch of tattoos, kind of like coping.
Lauren Anderson: But it was more of a in these rashes, it wasn't him, and then it was easy. After that, to not drink because I would be so sick.
Lauren Anderson: I don't know how to explain and then my last boyfriend was such an alcoholic guy. I mean, I'm surprised that time I did it a couple weeks ago is the only time I drank, and the last one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's going to be a really important story but
Lauren Anderson: But did you hear, that's the only time I drank in the last couple years was that march 5
Gwenevere Abriel: Through seventh. Okay, catch that. Let me throw that in there. I like
Lauren Anderson: That beer had been in my fridge for like at least a year that my exit brought over, of course, between us. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha. Um, Lisa Please transcribe okay so let's go over to got the opiates who got the appointment I was doing pretty good. I was progressing along here. We got the alcohol chicken.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got back. Oh, I'm having my list in front of me. Let me just see if I've got it handy because I'm going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Lauren Anderson: Let's mess and coke. We still data.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I know. Girl, I gotta hit all those stimulants, I gotta get
Gwenevere Abriel: barbiturates the bends. I was, I got to get all that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta, I, I just let me just see my computer recently opened and closed. I don't know if it kept this little list. I usually use enough to go on my memory. Lovely.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess we'll go on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll go, we can go over to stimulants, why don't we start with age. Your first use of powder cocaine.
Lauren Anderson: 18 and a half.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at 18 I had it progressed from there.
Lauren Anderson: I loved it right away that was I've been anti drugs and everything since about my sophomore year in college when I quit.
Lauren Anderson: After so anyways 18 and a half and my parents found out I was living in LA and I came back here. So that was when I was the summer I turned 20. So about a year and a half, and I didn't go start using cocaine again until
Lauren Anderson: I'm not really till like around 2005
Gwenevere Abriel: So in 2005 you using how much cocaine. A day, a week, how often
Lauren Anderson: I don't know, maybe like a point to the point for several days a week, three to five days a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you, adjusting it
smart enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. How long did this 2005 at point 257 days a week. How many years did that amount last where we're headed it stay
Lauren Anderson: Let's see. I got a DWI. In February, oh seven got big trouble for testing positive for coke. So I quit again summer of oh seven and I did not start again until
Lauren Anderson: Summer of 2013
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, hold on a second. Oh.
Lauren Anderson: No, no, that's
Lauren Anderson: I've got the date wrong actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on.
Okay.
Lauren Anderson: Okay. The only way could
Lauren Anderson: You such a good
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, such a
Lauren Anderson: special treat.
Lauren Anderson: A special treat.
Lauren Anderson: There you go.
Lauren Anderson: Yum yum
Lauren Anderson: Delicious.
Such a good girl.
Lauren Anderson: Want to go to the biggie, your big park up the big deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I'm, I'm on the same planet. You are so the
The
Gwenevere Abriel: Virus cautions anyway. That's what that was around it was
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what that was.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, I do apologize. I'm not normally like that. I usually don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm very, very, very sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so we are in 2007 and you quit.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, summer 2007
Gwenevere Abriel: I come on to that last
Lauren Anderson: Till I got went to a halfway house quarter DID FOR SIX MONTHS AND I STARTED pretty much the day I got out. So the first day of oh eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay restarted. I'm now I am saying powder cocaine so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. OK. So restarted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. I'll get into it. If you use crack. Then I I can say denied lifetime years
Lauren Anderson: never smoked.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so. Okay, that's cool. So let's go back to 2008 for a second restarted 2008 and what was the progression from there.
Lauren Anderson: I kept using it. And then I had the boyfriend introduced me and subs and shortly after starting subs I quit doing okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So remember I mean here. I can't feel where that is. I've got two
Lauren Anderson: To one by 2009 mid 2009 I was done with go well for that interval.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: Kevin, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know 2009 and then
Lauren Anderson: And then it was about the same with the other one. Let's see my meds run
Lauren Anderson: It, but definitely by the spring of 2013 I was back to snorting cocaine and probably I you know it was sooner than that. I think by the summer of 2012
Lauren Anderson: So, and it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Once or twice a week.
Lauren Anderson: Point two. Okay, point, five again once or twice a week.
Lauren Anderson: And then by the next summer 2013. It was almost every day. Same amount each day. Point two point five or something, but pretty much almost every day.
Lauren Anderson: And then I had a friend introduced me to doing it IV and I start. So that was like maybe mid 2013 or fall 2013 and I did it that way. Pretty much every day, but only like five or $10 worth. So that's like what point oh five 2.1 I guess a day.
Lauren Anderson: And that was pretty consistent. That's what I did. Each day was just that amount, but it was every day for
Years.
Lauren Anderson: Until about two years ago I went back to snort enough
Lauren Anderson: Maybe three years ago. It's about when I started doing heroin I they all pretty much exactly I never really did them together IV. So okay, so hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not you, it's me, I, I'm
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, okay.
Lauren Anderson: I think it was like, okay, April 29 2017 when I started heroin so that with that's about when I went back to snorting cocaine. It was almost exactly like same day that made the switch back
Gwenevere Abriel: Though, so is it safe to say 2017 I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing using powder cocaine and using heroin.
Lauren Anderson: And IV heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go.
Lauren Anderson: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think we've got I think I've got an idea. Um,
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, sorry. It's kind of complicated
Gwenevere Abriel: It starts stops. So start stops, I get it, you're, you're, you're really trying
Lauren Anderson: My lapsing and me losing the Wellbutrin was probably kind of derailed me
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, let's get to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not there quite
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice client tonight's lifetime use of crack agent first use of let's go to a methylphenidate or two, you know, things like an Adderall or Ritalin or a vibe dance. Did you ever use ADHD medication recreationally
Lauren Anderson: I tried it once or twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Lauren Anderson: My neighbor had it. I guess that would have been like 2011 maybe 2010
Gwenevere Abriel: Client endorses one time use and age at
Gwenevere Abriel: Two 111 and
Gwenevere Abriel: One time use
Lauren Anderson: A i think it may have been twice. You may have brought me another one later that year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And that was a Ritalin or Adderall.
Lauren Anderson: Adderall, I think. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said Admiral two times lifetime approximately 2011 Asia first use of math.
Lauren Anderson: You
Lauren Anderson: Uh, I smoked it just couple times tried it, maybe in 2003 or four
Gwenevere Abriel: When did it progress I
Lauren Anderson: Didn't I've never liked or had a massive issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Us lifetime, how many times
Lauren Anderson: Twice, including that are all three or four times.
Lauren Anderson: Any amphetamine you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's climb endorsing lifetime use approximately twice with methamphetamine approximately 2004
Gwenevere Abriel: At you beautiful, are you doing great. These are hard because we want to we want to tell you, but I've everything was going on and I am just you're doing fantastic. This is a super hard assessment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so we've got that we've got those two stimulants. There was none of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you're the stimulus. The big one for you.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's go over to if you don't know the word, and I've already got my answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm barbiturate
Gwenevere Abriel: Clients nice like 10 years of barbiturates Asia for
Lauren Anderson: Example of a barbecue with a drug.
Gwenevere Abriel: That can all so let's go. Yeah, so I don't want to introduce things to people if I got it. I just want to. Yeah. So you can imagine. So let's go over to benzodiazepine lifetime use of a benzo which is San X La Crosse a lamp, things like that.
Lauren Anderson: I described Kalina pen and lorazepam and at that is adamant isn't it anyways, uh, and it didn't really seem to do anything for me.
Lauren Anderson: I was prescribed it in
Lauren Anderson: Maybe oh nine Klonopin lorazepam maybe a year or two earlier but for a very short period of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Period of time and you did not benefit from it.
Lauren Anderson: That's correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lifetime use
Lauren Anderson: A prescribed maybe total three months between the two different ones.
Lauren Anderson: So,
Lauren Anderson: Approximately 2009 yeah approximately okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe I'm not doing a great job of getting this all type down for you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last use of a benzodiazepine was that
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, that was it. I think they gave me something in the detox unit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, maybe out of them really wiped you out.
Lauren Anderson: And no, it didn't do anything for me. Really, it's the same as before. I didn't understand people that use it recreationally because it was really like
Lauren Anderson: You know, like a placebo. To me, I'm
Lauren Anderson: Interesting. I can't hear my mind flighty I can remember what I was thinking about why that they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing great.
Lauren Anderson: Oh, I was gonna look for the exact name of that medication to find it totally okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No worries. No worries. No worries. It's pretty common for to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me just see we've got stimulants got to, we did some depressing. And so I haven't talked about weed. How did I forget we Good grief.
Gwenevere Abriel: What age, age of first use of marijuana
Gwenevere Abriel: AG first THC progression.
Gwenevere Abriel: And last use
Lauren Anderson: Okay, I tried it in eighth grade, I was like 13 and a half.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, and I did it six or seven more times my early freshman year of high school. That would be a fall of 95
Lauren Anderson: So spring of 94 fall 95 seven or eight times and I hallucinated off of it and threw up so badly that I quit all substances, that's what led to me quitting the drinking and stuff. You know what though.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah I quit the pot them and I get to continue drinking a little bit did mushrooms once or twice and then that led to completely quitting. But yeah, seven or eight times.
Lauren Anderson: 9495 and then
Lauren Anderson: Didn't do it again until
Lauren Anderson: Early 2000 and it was the same thing. It really freaked me out made me feel terrible. But I was doing it to cope with a bad relationship even though I'd rather feel physically old basically than be tormented
Lauren Anderson: And pretty soon it became more medicinal where I wasn't making me sick and freak out. It was just helping me calm down and then it became regular use like every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know when that was I was using marijuana at this amount every day between this year and this year. So you think
Lauren Anderson: Okay, uh, so I try it started to get it again after quitting since the fall of 95 in the early 2000 and by the end of that year, I was a pretty regular smoker, like every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you daily use. Since 2000 and up to today.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, pretty much.
Lauren Anderson: Up to today that pretty much. I mean, you know, I didn't smoke weed IN THE RECOVERY HOUSE THAT halfway house that six month SECOND HALF AGO seven
Gwenevere Abriel: Was your last ingestion of THC.
Lauren Anderson: This morning
Gwenevere Abriel: How much
Lauren Anderson: I mean, you mean smoking is ingestion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ingestion
Lauren Anderson: I guess.
Lauren Anderson: How much a just a little hit
Lauren Anderson: This little tiny fish pipe.
Lauren Anderson: Just take a little hit you see me as a fish right little eyes looking at you do
Agent first
Gwenevere Abriel: I've heard you mentioned hallucinogens I heard mushroom.
Lauren Anderson: Mushroom I did it. Let's see.
Lauren Anderson: I think I did it once my freshman year in high school, so I was 14 and then again.
Lauren Anderson: Late my sophomore year, and I was 15
Lauren Anderson: So twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any PCP acid use
Lauren Anderson: I've done acid twice, once in eighth grade age 13 and a half. And once again, and about a year later 14 and a half. And that's it.
Lauren Anderson: I'll never do it again scared me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Use of cuffing or weapons.
Lauren Anderson: A key. I tried that a handful of years ago, a couple times. Let's see, that would have been
Lauren Anderson: Maybe like 2011 two or three times. And that was the only instance ever
Gwenevere Abriel: handful of times, approximately 2011
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, okay. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got stimulants depressants.
Lauren Anderson: Sounds like a street vendor spill. We've got hallucinogens uppers.
Lauren Anderson: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's got to have a sense of humor around those are you're doing them to just not you know
Lauren Anderson: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so yeah no I because usually, I don't, I'm not this like I tried to cram in all the shopping this morning, it didn't quite work.
Lauren Anderson: Pay off with what's going on with a crazy at the store.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's happening is, is I don't have all of my my list in here just see if they happen to have another list somewhere DPS notes. Oh, this is what I was looking for. Okay, Harry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Potter for for hey we didn't do that. How about this one. Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want sort of these big sweeping
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I want to get a history of your treatment history. So let's do it like this.
Lauren Anderson: I mean, does substance abuse. History
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is only substances, I, I get we're going to get into psychiatric and just like literally the next section, we're stuck. We're distinguishing them. So I want to know. Have you ever been hospitalized for intentional or accidental overdose.
Lauren Anderson: No. Well, I tried to kill myself on my Depakote. But that was a not a I mean it was prescribed for bipolar I wasn't using it like abusing it except that night.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was that
Lauren Anderson: A sep tember second oh five.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever had an accidental or intentional.
Overdose
Lauren Anderson: Other than that, I mean that was no side from the Depakote.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which will I'm gonna I'll put that here, but
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, you kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to go down in the in the psychiatric admission. Okay, so no no other hospitalizations for substance use.
Lauren Anderson: No, I mean I've gone to detox three times. Okay, let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Share with you the short term. Okay so detox three times.
Lauren Anderson: Yes, completed in June of 2018 and then failed in November of 2018 and then completed again just recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. And any
Gwenevere Abriel: Any residential treatment over 30 days not, this is not halfway. This is not because that's not a licensed
Lauren Anderson: Kind of to me like an inpatient rehab Texan.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do where you stay overnight. You go into groups, a couple times a day. You've got a little sponsor in there and you're working a program
Lauren Anderson: Nope, just the detox, which is in the same program at turquoise as as they're 28 days. So we did a lot of them.
Lauren Anderson: You know, the groups and the classes. But yeah, just for a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no, no 30 day no snow 60 day residential treatment history. Please transcribe any intensive outpatient level of care, which means three days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of you'll go out in your sleep in your own bed which will go for like three hours a day, then the next day, you'll go again. You might skip a day might be three or four times. Oh, yeah.
Lauren Anderson: But I tried after the detox November 2018 that I didn't complete. So it just was I only showed up like twice for the group I O P therapy.
Lauren Anderson: doesn't even really count.
Lauren Anderson: And now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're. What about outpatient now I know most folks have this sort of CO occurring experience that it's anxiety, depression, trauma, PTSD all this, this history that sometimes we're self medicating
Gwenevere Abriel: But just thinking about whether you received outpatient treatment for your substance abuse history. Do you remember just going and seeing a counselor in his or her office talking about thoughts or feelings. Did you ever have a period of time where you were seeing someone
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, when I first got back from LA. So that was like summer of a one, I'm late spring did that for a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go ahead.
Lauren Anderson: Four or five months. No one.
Lauren Anderson: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Or month seen weekly or monthly, weekly weekly. Was it a good rapport you connected with this person really well or yeah
Lauren Anderson: Yeah yeah
Lauren Anderson: Okay, well some of some of them you know it's kicking, gee, I've been to a lot of different therapists, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that'll get into more on the on this right
Lauren Anderson: With the substance abuse API to get the art therapist in particular really helped me deal with the substance abuse issues and kind of being pulled from my life in LA.
Lauren Anderson: Anyways, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, and are you on any psychiatric medication prescribed any psychiatric medication right now.
Lauren Anderson: I'm Dr. Gabriel started me on Wellbutrin last Saturday.
Lauren Anderson: So I'm on 100 milligrams twice a day. Let me double check.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah 100 milligrams. So are you pro beyond as far as a superhero as our and you
Lauren Anderson: Don't really
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a good time. You've got a great sense of humor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about so any other are you prescribe any psychiatric medication right now besides the web, you
Lauren Anderson: Know, are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking any psychiatric medication off the streets or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, and in your history. What are some of the medicines that you have been prescribed
Lauren Anderson: Oh my gosh yeah for psychiatric meds.
Lauren Anderson: Are you ready
Lauren Anderson: Well, they're like coming out with new ones every day. Right.
Lauren Anderson: Most seeing new things forms crazy. I'll just, I know I'm gonna not gonna remember all of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seroquel I'm assuming
Lauren Anderson: Yes, yes.
Lauren Anderson: Zoloft and Paxil Prozac.
Boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: Lithium
Gwenevere Abriel: Lithium. Lithium
Abilify
Lauren Anderson: Depakote.
Lauren Anderson: Wellbutrin obviously
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one did you like which one did you feel like, Oh, there's a chance. Hey, today's going
Lauren Anderson: I really I i've not liked most of the ones I've tried. They either make me to even killed and I miss myself, which is how I was on heroin. I really missed my personality just killed my mojo, you know, my spirit.
Lauren Anderson: And that was kind of in a nutshell what my problem with most of those were and if it wasn't that is a lot of them like the Zoloft maybe fucking crazy. And, uh,
Lauren Anderson: And like a vomiting like violently, and then also just like going off the deep end screaming and crying and you know making people's lives miserable.
Gwenevere Abriel: tracker circle so love Paxil Prozac lithium vilified Depakote. You made you to even keel made you to chill to calm didn't like it.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, the Depakote was one that scared me when I wouldn't take my meds right away. I'd remit it would remind me because I start getting new like
Lauren Anderson: Electrical like I don't know weird like pre seizure feelings in my head. It scared the hell out of me. I'm actually kind of
Lauren Anderson: Grateful I took a bottle and they they pumped it out of me when I tried to kill myself. I didn't even I was worried about how is he going to get off of that medication.
Lauren Anderson: And that that did the trick. So that would scare me in that way. Otherwise, I was pretty stable. The Depakote was very helpful.
Lauren Anderson: But I didn't like that electrical
Lauren Anderson: Association with not taking it, that scared me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but I'll make a little so we got that, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But did like how she felt on it. Aside from the side effect.
Lauren Anderson: Right, yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Seems like a dangerous withdrawal kind of symptom was what that was.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you didn't take it.
Lauren Anderson: Right, yeah. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: And I knew it was prescribed for also for epileptics or and I was wondering if that was the association of why I was feeling that way. And so, yeah, really scared me so I wanted to get off of it for a long time.
Lauren Anderson: Finally, that was the way it happened, you know, I didn't plan it but taking the bottle and then getting the charcoal throwing it up and getting the charcoal put into me. That's that was the last time I use Depakote. So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. So when we think about psychiatric medication. I got a little splash of it. We know you're on wealthier trend.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think you were works your purse drive to the
Gwenevere Abriel: clonazepam and now President in there for a hot second to
Lauren Anderson: They are for real hot. Second. Um, let's see that. Yeah, the clinic lorazepam and Klonopin I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: The wrath of Pam is out of band right
Lauren Anderson: And the
Lauren Anderson: koala pen. And I think, yeah, they tried those kind of pretty much back, to back, to see if they were helping me
Lauren Anderson: And they just really
Did nothing
Lauren Anderson: But the only the only thing I noticed was I had no memory of when I was taking no fucking short term memory and that as a pianist memorizing big pieces was also very scary to me.
Lauren Anderson: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so now we've touched on. We touched on medication Buddy Buddy, buddy. Let's go over to
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, now let's do this, what have you. What labels. Another huge I don't land on labels very long. I use them for discussion, but I don't get too too hung up on them. I'm interested in the symptoms. I want to know kind of what's going on for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But ours labels along the way. What psychiatric diagnoses. Have you been assigned
Lauren Anderson: Excuse me I'm to severe depression and it's pretty clear shortly after that is more manic depression like bipolar.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, and then some attending things with that. But it was thought to be part of that all together the anxiety of
Gwenevere Abriel: Any early on. Did anyone ever diagnose you with an attention deficit piece where often labeled with a DD ADHD any of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know any learning disorder around math, reading language.
Lauren Anderson: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: To identify through school. We see it sometimes as an impulse control challenge.
Lauren Anderson: Uh, yeah, that's definitely been a factor for me to really pull it through the whole semester and stuff, but is that what you mean.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, this is waking up at the same time every day, stuff like that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eating Disorders controlling like eating.
Lauren Anderson: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here and then purging it okay no eating disorder in any compulsive behaviors. It's always got to do this sort of routine piece of your day in order to feel okay any new rituals or obsessive sort of pieces.
Lauren Anderson: I guess kind of using was that, especially ones with the heroin, it became such an often needed thing. But, I mean, I guess my piano practice is kind of like that the practice several hours a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, let's say on your mother's side or your father side any history of schizophrenia or suicide attempt or completion.
Lauren Anderson: Of, um, let's see, my dad's sister's son. So my cousin schizophrenia like real bad, really bad. And then he's had a couple. My dad has had a couple ants that are institutionalized.
Lauren Anderson: For psychotic behavior or something like that. I don't know, kind of unclear.
Lauren Anderson: I didn't know about the suicide, I guess not. Um, and my mom's dad was an alcoholic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, please transcribe verbatim.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now we're getting into this section. I'm trying to follow their format here, they've got hospitalization. So I'm going to go, how many times lifetime. Have you been hospitalized around. It's actually categorized sort of collectively in this
Gwenevere Abriel: For mental health. Peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: I already know about the one hospitalization whether multiple hospitalizations, to try and take care of you around how you were feeling emotionally
Lauren Anderson: Yeah i mean i i went several times.
Lauren Anderson: Whether I wanted to or not usually force there by my mom or a friend or something. When I would hurt myself.
Lauren Anderson: physically hurt.
Lauren Anderson: Twice to the psychiatric Er, I don't even know how many times
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you guess 10 times 100 times like
Lauren Anderson: Oh no, not that maybe like six or seven times.
Lauren Anderson: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got a number and age of first hospitalization was when
Lauren Anderson: Well then ER visits. I was never like admitted, except for the
Lauren Anderson: The suicide attempt. And that was just for like a couple days like over the weekend I was their age.
The age.
Lauren Anderson: Of 2005 September. So I was 24
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, gotcha. Good job. There we go. That's really got most recent they got a little button here most recent hospitalization.
Lauren Anderson: The self admitted detox recently I all I can think of been years since I've been know psyche are think God was pleased are awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: I missed the last time you saw a therapist and a therapist for thoughts, feelings behaviors.
Lauren Anderson: And there'll be Dr Burrell at the Student Health Center up at 11am and I guess I I really liked my we're doing well there.
Lauren Anderson: Up until I guess.
Lauren Anderson: I think probably not past the the spring semester of 2013 but it was probably a little earlier than that, that I stopped going to him. And I think we started around 2010
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh you you songs for like three years.
Lauren Anderson: I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's nice. You got a good one. You had a good relationship right there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very cool.
Lauren Anderson: I love the student Elson is awesome. It's a one stop shop, get your gyno done. They're good. I've been stitched up there, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to go into something really important, and I very much want. See if you can just sort of let my my questions guide us. You ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, you first started having and I distinguish suicidal ideation planning behavior I separate that from self injurious behavior which is cutting the skin burning the skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Punching yourself that is self injurious behavior. So I moved over. In other words, there's no intent to die.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's just psychiatric relief from the physical dimension right physical pain can relieve psychic psychiatric pain for some people, folks, kind of find that I'm going to send a quick message to my next gal because I I'm not into my I'm running late.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll just say hi running loose.
Lauren Anderson: Um, can I mentioned something just want. I just don't want to forget to tell ya. You, you could probably look up your computer to verify. I know I see Dr. April Monday when we have our group. I'm sure scratchy
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably bridge to today. Is that what you're about to say.
Lauren Anderson: I would like to see her today.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, it's bridged it means if it's bridge to today. So you finished. Today I type her and I say your client your patient. I'm
Lauren Anderson: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then she orders it
Lauren Anderson: Okay. I was wondering about the event.
Lauren Anderson: Reminder let her know what I've been
Gwenevere Abriel: Any right
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, we're talking over each other that we talk over each other into telemedicine sometimes remind me right at the end, we gotta persevere. Are you ready
Lauren Anderson: Here we go. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you first suicidal ideation.
Gwenevere Abriel: As
Lauren Anderson: Well, oh 11 or 12
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you, I got you age 11 okay or 12 during that time, were you also planning a lethal means of doing it. Did you also take action.
Lauren Anderson: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It stayed in just the thinking for age 11 and 12 for about how many years did it stay in the thinking level.
Lauren Anderson: till late co i with
Lauren Anderson: Well, I guess. Tell 14 age 14 so by spring 96 it was
Lauren Anderson: Going more serious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Years at that point. So, at what age did it move from just thinking to I'm starting to kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Think plan. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Around like when I turned 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. Ah 14 suicidal kind of planning and did you want to die at that time.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, did you take action and try to take your own life.
Lauren Anderson: I wasn't really sure how to how to go about it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They did not take action.
Lauren Anderson: I did not take action now I that's about what is very exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's when okay so age before. So I'll dip over here for a second to the self injurious stuff. But I want to go back to suicidal, if we can, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We can do this part, if you want. We'll go into the self interest so age 14 started cutting where, where did you cut
Lauren Anderson: Up my arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, did any of them require sutures.
Lauren Anderson: Not at that point. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When, when did they
Lauren Anderson: Uh, it it progressed, pretty much eat some I cut it was a little more severe. And then I started burning. I guess the first time, which got sits up. Oh gosh, maybe like 828 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Over here, your director each time progress age 20 you had a suture.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, for several
Gwenevere Abriel: Several
Several
Several okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Then started burning. Okay. And where would you burn.
Lauren Anderson: Same thing my arms and then also my hands I burned my hands a lot too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: When was the last time you engaged in the self injurious behavior.
Lauren Anderson: No.
Lauren Anderson: I've thought about it, but I really haven't in a while. I guess I was like the summer 2018
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. How long do you think about it.
Lauren Anderson: Um, well you know the the opiates really kind of cut it off for me when I was on opiates and subs. I wasn't, you know, cutting myself hurting myself and maybe even killed enough or I wouldn't, I wasn't upset enough to get go there, you know, to me,
Lauren Anderson: Yeah. What was the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. You're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was trying so you kind of answered it, but I know you're saying using the opiates meant that I don't have these thoughts of self injury. When was the last time was it 2017 was the last
Lauren Anderson: Thoughts of self and it's probably within a day or two from today, but the last time I actually acted on. It was the summer 2018
Lauren Anderson: I feel like year and a half ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they're different for me. So we've got a year and a half. So we've got please transcribe, a year and a half ago client didn't engage in self interest behavior with ongoing
Gwenevere Abriel: Thoughts of doing it, but she's inhibiting it
Lauren Anderson: Mm hmm. Okay.
I got it.
Lauren Anderson: I guess it's also add I started. Also, I mean sometimes I would slap myself. I've always done that. But with that behavior, but
Lauren Anderson: In recent years, like since 2011 2012 I started thrashing my head into
Lauren Anderson: Walls and things also like really hard so bad I my friends were joking calling me nor wall for about a month because I had such a huge bump on my forehead. It was like a unicorn Norton sticking out, you know, the narwhal the whale with the
Gwenevere Abriel: lemons. The last time you get that cuz we're seven minutes after. So I've got a really persevere with here.
Lauren Anderson: I was a year and a half ago 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Hour ok ok ok and
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back. Remember we dipped into the cell phone. Oh, go ahead.
Lauren Anderson: I think I was more recently, actually it was about a year ago. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. The problem is the neighbor was frustrated and through my head in the door. Okay, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's go back to 2014 you had suicidal plan, you want it to die weren't really sure how to do it. Um, tell me about suicidal thinking and behaviors from age 14 on
Lauren Anderson: Well,
Lauren Anderson: I mean just the just the self harm, really. And I think careless behavior to reckless behavior.
Lauren Anderson: So,
Lauren Anderson: No real plan. I think a lot of times when I was cutting. That was my plan and but then I would feel better. The second I
Lauren Anderson: You know, made any painter blood that it just didn't. I didn't end up going through that. So a lot of times, so self harm. It started out as a plan to slit my wrists.
Lauren Anderson: You know what I mean. And then trying to curb it, I would cut myself here instead to see if it would offer really and usually it would so I wouldn't have to do it all the way. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the pain would sort of curb the Follow. Follow through of taking your life.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, say I'd cried for sometimes days straight. Literally, not just we've been not be able to control and then we get so
Lauren Anderson: Exhausting emotionally and just physically just been so sick of it and and and by then. I'm so upset. I really would want it all to end. And so, and that's the one thing. Yeah, it's, it would stop me crying, it would call me down comfortably.
Lauren Anderson: I guess what scares me is I don't know. You know, it's a good team to get more severe. Each time I do it. And so when I'm like that and I end up hurting myself I I think I'm more afraid of
Lauren Anderson: Accidentally killing myself by went self harm because it's getting more and more severe than actually making a plan to
Lauren Anderson: kill myself through self harm you know i mean
Gwenevere Abriel: It's getting the cuttings getting deeper and deeper
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, yeah. And the burning getting way more severe and then the throwing my head and the walls. That was a brand new thing.
Lauren Anderson: That I'd started then. And yeah, it's all scares me. And now I don't only do it to cope with emotional pain. I've, I've grown to I have a taste for it now. So I'll do it.
Lauren Anderson: For fun now. I like it. The blood. The pain.
Lauren Anderson: The violence of it so
Lauren Anderson: It's still therapeutic about crying you know I'm in a good mood. It's still but it's again it's dangerous. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, are you having suicidal thoughts.
Lauren Anderson: You know, I'm pretty down but you know with my Husky. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client tonight's current immediate suicidal ideation plan intent or action.
Lauren Anderson: ideation sure no intent to plan for action.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're saying today, you're thinking about not wanting to live, you're thinking that today.
Lauren Anderson: I'd most days most days. So, including today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So client continues to endorse the desire to not be alive. How do you word it in your head. How does it
Well,
Lauren Anderson: I'm kind of a big bag of contradictions, um,
Lauren Anderson: I don't want to die. There's a lot of things. I still want to do but emotionally I I'm I hate myself and I want to die.
Lauren Anderson: Oh,
Lauren Anderson: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how often so we I'm getting a sense it's still very present day here you lifetime. There we go. We're shifting gears lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thoughts of homicidal ideation.
Lauren Anderson: Lifetime thought, what do you
tell anyone.
Lauren Anderson: Know, but not anyone in particular.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client denies lifetime homicidal ideation intent plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the medications like trouser down Seroquel Depakote Xanax
Lauren Anderson: The only prescription meds. I have here the one job prescribed me. I'm sure I've got that'd be brief. Uber buprenorphine. The Wellbutrin that's Bupropion and Seroquel although it's all gone circle is gone, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a gun in the home.
Lauren Anderson: Heck no. I know I can't own a gun. I'm to a can be too impulsive and my moods. There's two sudden that I know I'm very
Lauren Anderson: It's very likely scenario I could feel bad and desperate in the moment until myself. So it's better to have dole nice and stuff around than a gun. I don't I don't plan on ever only the gun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe verbatim.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any clients that have guns.
Lauren Anderson: A Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it locked
Lauren Anderson: Uh, I don't know where they are. I assume they better be. I hope so.
Lauren Anderson: I I don't try to go looking for people's guns. I really have a pretty big fear in a version of the whole thing. So unless we get into civil unrest and, you know, something like that. I'm not planning on
Lauren Anderson: Being firearm curious.
Lauren Anderson: Although I do pick ax handle just in case someone comes here and uninvited
Lauren Anderson: Let's say, for
Gwenevere Abriel: Simon, she's actually
Gwenevere Abriel: either gonna cut, cut. You ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah for 14 minutes after and we have to to really large sections to get through. Here we go. You ready
Lauren Anderson: Where you
Lauren Anderson: Be adopted know
Gwenevere Abriel: When I asked you, same questions, but for different people. And if you find yourself getting flooded with emotions, I would invite you to do sort of the diaphragm breathing just you can
Gwenevere Abriel: In through the nose allow that air to go into the bottom of the long the belly, as if the belly expands and then hold it for four seconds and then
Living in
Gwenevere Abriel: Seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then just sort of feel feel the temperature of the texture of your of the fabric of your clothes. Let's get back in the body and then just listen to the next, my next question. You don't have to feel
Gwenevere Abriel: The question. Just answer and then knowing that winner is going to ask the next one we're going to move on. We won't be lingering ok
Lauren Anderson: OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to be asking you are your mother and father living
Lauren Anderson: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does your mother have psychiatric or substance use history.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mother have medical illness that you know of
Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the more difficult one. I'm going to show you some words and this, this is quality of relationship. I don't write good, bad, try to find some sort of nuance words are is your quality of relationship with your mother adequate closer consistent any of those
Lauren Anderson: A close consistent with
Gwenevere Abriel: Fulfilling functional intimate loving
Lauren Anderson: A
Lauren Anderson: Functional fulfilling loving. Yeah, I wouldn't say intimate, not my was my mother now.
Gwenevere Abriel: affording satisfying stable.
Lauren Anderson: Stable
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, supportive or symbiotic
Lauren Anderson: Supportive okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And is it described you to a few Civ have no
Gwenevere Abriel: More boring.
Lauren Anderson: I'm sorry, I didn't hear that abusive what
Gwenevere Abriel: Abusive avoidant boring.
Lauren Anderson: A know
Gwenevere Abriel: Chaotic controlling distant distant
Gwenevere Abriel: exploitive fragile inconsistent.
Gwenevere Abriel: No neglectful parasitic or punishing
Lauren Anderson: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stale traumatic.
Gwenevere Abriel: unfaithful unhappy unhealthy.
Lauren Anderson: Know,
Lauren Anderson: Maybe I'm
Lauren Anderson: Happy a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: unsatisfying unsupportive
Lauren Anderson: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And your father is living
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, psychiatric or subs. Well, I already know the alcohol right alcohol, who
Lauren Anderson: Know that, that's my mother's father
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, sorry. Okay, psychiatric illness for Father alcoholic it depression, bipolar disorder disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope euro no psychiatric any physically that you're aware of
Lauren Anderson: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality of relationship adequate close consistent
Lauren Anderson: Yes, a consistent know
Gwenevere Abriel: Fulfilling functional
Lauren Anderson: I don't know, okay, maybe functional. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it rewarding satisfying
Satisfying
Gwenevere Abriel: Stable
Lauren Anderson: Uh yeah not is
Gwenevere Abriel: Symbiotic
Lauren Anderson: No.
Lauren Anderson: Oh symbiotic give me like a naturally mutually beneficial. Is that right or do you mean like feeding off of each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Each other's a better
Gwenevere Abriel: No quality of relationship between
Gwenevere Abriel: Your Karen's remember all those words. Do you remember a few of them. How would you describe it can't be good.
Lauren Anderson: To me.
Lauren Anderson: By blood parents
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Lauren Anderson: They're not married now so yes well relationship, your parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Relationship with each other.
Lauren Anderson: Say that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mother and your father's relationship was it
Gwenevere Abriel: See adequate closer consistent fulfilling functional or distant controlling exploitive
Lauren Anderson: Distant controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chaotic
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, no. Well, for a lot. Long time there. Yes.
Lauren Anderson: Abusive, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it neglectful parent punishing
Lauren Anderson: Punishing okay
Traumatic
Lauren Anderson: No, no, they're both pretty strong people, different ways. So for them, know for my siblings. Maybe not for me. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me just see something I got to see if you and I continue or if this client can kind of wait just a minute. So you and I can
Lauren Anderson: Say, okay, I don't mind meeting with you to finish later to have that helps you
Lauren Anderson: It's not a big deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So generous. Let me just see what what my options are. OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got an extra 10 minutes. So let's see if we can move through these. Let's see. And it's so they should have this flipped around because some of the stuff I asked at the end is it can be so emotionally provoking. It's like, why don't they put this stuff in.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like oh great, you know, now I'm going to upset my core clients right and then well it's
Lauren Anderson: A good weekend.
Lauren Anderson: Good luck.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I really upset from this. Well, you and I could schedule something I'm seeing one client on Sunday, we can meet. If I'm really upset you. We can meet if you want to. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. So, um, let's get I'm going to write down you have siblings. Where do you fall in the birth order.
Lauren Anderson: Middle
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got middle child. And then I have older brothers oldest brother is what
Lauren Anderson: I have an older brother usually almost two years older than me. And so I'd see. He's uh, he's gonna turn 40 this summer and ultra, ultra 39 a month before that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Since you sir mental health. And what's the quality of relationship.
Lauren Anderson: A he had a drinking issue and tobacco or NICOTINE THING HIGH SCHOOL AND EARLY 20s and then he successfully quit often on we we get along fine still I don't talk to him, really, very much so. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's he's your oldest brother or his second oldest
Lauren Anderson: He's my only brother, um, I did mention because I didn't think of it, but my step dad's my step dad has two children, both of whom are older than me and my blood siblings and my step brother actually killed himself. He shot himself in the head. I don't know. I didn't think of that earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but right
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a hard thing to sit with. So our mind sort of compartmentalize is it for us. I understand. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: So yeah, one one living brother. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, the brother that took his own life was he firstborn.
Lauren Anderson: I think his sister was the older one. I think he was the younger of the two of them.
Lauren Anderson: And he
Gwenevere Abriel: bled related to you.
Lauren Anderson: Know, to my mom's husband kids if I can do this has
Gwenevere Abriel: Two children step dad has two children. They are older step dad so they're not blood related to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, got it. That okay
Lauren Anderson: And actually my mom didn't Mary. Mary Tele my first semester of college, so I didn't grow up with them either.
Gwenevere Abriel: Way you close to this brother that took his own life.
Lauren Anderson: I only met him. We went on a vacation together a water rafting river rafting thing and I had gone out to dinner several times to big family events. So I got to know him pretty well you know you felt like family to me. Yes, you may not. But someone's
Lauren Anderson: One family vacation and several dinner family dinners also. So, yeah, several times over. Couple years
Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe. Okay, let's go back in here who's born first just, I just have a name first born in your family first born sibling. Let me just
Lauren Anderson: Up blood or
Lauren Anderson: Clint Clinton.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Clinton then. Whoa.
Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Clients, then who
Lauren Anderson: My sister Marion
Lauren Anderson: And she's five years younger than me. My brother and I are about two years apart and she's five years younger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sister Marion substance use mental health challenges or not so much.
Lauren Anderson: Is like so.
Lauren Anderson: So good. I the children just amazed by her very impressed. She's good no substance history. I think she drank a couple times with their friends in high school, college, probably, but
Gwenevere Abriel: All of the relationship with Marianne.
Very good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So good is I can't quite use that word.
Lauren Anderson: Are you guys close I'm air history is close the past couple years I have been intentionally pulled myself out of their family because I was nannying their kids. I just didn't like my life style. So I removed myself.
Lauren Anderson: History close relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I, and is there another sibling.
Lauren Anderson: Um, no. I mean, I grew up from sixth grade or even a little earlier because they were dating my step mom's daughter only only kid Brooke, a year and a half, younger than me. We had a lot of issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Clinton client Marianne, I thought you had for
Lauren Anderson: Well, I've got, I've got an older stepsister for my step dad and a younger step sister from my step mom, I didn't. I grew up with from about fourth grade, fifth grade my steps, the younger step sister Brooke, the daughter of my step mom.
Lauren Anderson: Because my dad remarried right away please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Verbatim, Can you please tell me the quality of relationship with Brooke currently
Lauren Anderson: I'm we're cordial and nice to each other. If and when we see each other, then I tell her mom tell her. Hi. But yeah, that's that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got it. Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been married
Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client denies Marriage History
Okay, I think, oh, there you go. Let's close that section.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever married and let's go to next.
Gwenevere Abriel: Save it. Just in case it would be no fun if I lost it all. Now what it
Lauren Anderson: Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have had that happen and then I'm like, this was recorded. Right. I mean, that would just be Kaddish
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, because data, you know, they go blacked out
Lauren Anderson: Like right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go. Last section for we're doing great. Okay, here we go. We'll close. Any questions, place of birth.
Lauren Anderson: Albuquerque.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good job. And when your mother was pregnant with you. Was it normal
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, she said, I was the easiest of the birth. I was only one OR WATER BROKE shortest labor.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were growing up was it normal milestones you crawled on time walked on time.
Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: If not, a little early.
Gwenevere Abriel: Temperament as baby anxious easy cranky cuddly temperament is baby.
Lauren Anderson: I think that's pretty easy going, but by three or four I was melancholy melancholy playing piano right sad song, stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad shy was drawn
Lauren Anderson: Uh, yeah, I've never been very comfortable socially okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: introvert, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: As a baby as a little one.
Lauren Anderson: A at the same time. I've always kind of been an exhibitionist and a performer. So I'm very comfortable on stage.
Lauren Anderson: Whether it's acting or performing musically or or just hamming it up joking around. I'm very comfortable on stage, very uncomfortable, socially, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it uncomfortable.
Lauren Anderson: Actually Michael Jackson said something like that. And I was like,
Lauren Anderson: Whoa. I know just what he means like feeling like most loan the lowliest man on earth. And so awkward around people, and yet love these love by the world and feels, it feels at home on stage, I can relate to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any childhood fears.
Lauren Anderson: In each childhood fears.
Lauren Anderson: Guys started masturbating and a very, very young age, and my mom was very
Lauren Anderson: tight lipped we weren't open about stuff and
Lauren Anderson: I thought there was something wrong with me until I was about 11 or 12 years old and I found out that it was there was a word for it, and other people did it, too. So for almost 10 years I was trying to tell my mother about my problem. And I never was able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Page.
Lauren Anderson: Two and a half or three
Lauren Anderson: I just recently revealed to my dad died was not jumping on my bed and fall fell off when I broke my collarbone. It was what I was talking about the masturbating falling off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, did any any sort of childhood concerns result in these things. Yes, no. Night terrors rocking behaviors thumb sucking tix temper tantrums and anything like that.
Lauren Anderson: Oh yeah, I don't know about tix
Lauren Anderson: Okay, the other one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Night terrors on any bed soiling there's a thing called me a racist and can't and caprices, and it looks like
Lauren Anderson: A nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Little ones. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. So let me just describe the Enuresis and then caprice
Lauren Anderson: At caprice this one more time. I know the injury says
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and caprice. This is an interesting one. When there's really, really oftentimes the etiology is super poor boundaries in a home very young preschool child that's not conscious. They'll hold, they'll be constipated for days and days.
Lauren Anderson: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, of course, they have to to to
Gwenevere Abriel: To relieve that. But it's this long term sort of holding. That's the anchor phrases. So know his
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I've heard about that but no not not for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so nightmares. Yes, we've got that one.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I wouldn't say night terrors and tell my more like adult life but nightmares from early childhood on. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to school normal outstanding just like school
Lauren Anderson: Any outstanding guess
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Any dyslexia any hyperactivity, yes or no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any language problems reading problems stuttering.
No.
Lauren Anderson: No.
Lauren Anderson: Silly is super cute though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: I think like more like serious stuff I've been through actually helped
Lauren Anderson: Cultivate my sense of humor is like I had to survive. It kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Friends in school, many friends close friends, few friends to buy
Lauren Anderson: Have never teased, but I never had friends really know
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, all right.
Lauren Anderson: Not until my step mom when say married, she started daily telling me how horrible. I looked how dorky I was. And that was a loser. I had no friends. I didn't send that was a daily operating experience from her. So I forced myself to become popular
Lauren Anderson: It was really awful, the whole experience in high school, maybe middle school FROM THE TIME SHE SHE WAS NICE AND I SWEAR TO GOD within like when they came back from our honeymoon.
Lauren Anderson: She completely like one at dawn me and it became a daily. I think it's because I was close in age to her daughter. It was like a daily
Lauren Anderson: Torment. She's like a nightmare popular girl at school that torments everybody is mean to everybody and pics on them, except I tea with a 35 year old women and I was 11 or 12 but it was daily
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to stop for just a second. I'm going to move over. And I'm starting to hear something really important. So I'm gonna shift gears from biological parents those hearing an important figure in her life. I'm hearing
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the quality of relationship with your stepmother.
Lauren Anderson: I thought she was so cool. And she was, she was like awesome. And then I mean, really, the moment they got married feel it's like she was just waiting to get my approval.
Lauren Anderson: The relationship is very down
Gwenevere Abriel: A bit I don't go, good, bad, was it abusive was a chaotic wasn't controlling
Lauren Anderson: Yes, yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. And what she physically abusive.
Lauren Anderson: No, it was psychological, mental torment. Okay, emotional, yep, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was controlling or saying yes I'm
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And chaotic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How long was she how many years, give me age like 12 to 1512 to 18. Let me just have the age range during this
Lauren Anderson: Time you a rough from like the day I turned 12 to the day I moved out my senior year. So I was like 17
Lauren Anderson: So say 12 to 17
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, only got three minutes before she's coming in here.
Lauren Anderson: Let's see if I can
Gwenevere Abriel: This is this relationship. Obviously, I'm going to have to really understand more.
Lauren Anderson: Oh sure, yeah, it's a not questionnaire status.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah yeah I can tell us. Alright, so let's see what we got over here. I'm in any of your parents were they ever violence or argue in front of you.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, my parents when they were separated divorce and and after that to a lot on the phone with my step mom and dad against
Gwenevere Abriel: Her. Will you ever grounded hit with about him was a fist. Laughter spanked. Which one of those are all
Lauren Anderson: A slapped once. Okay. Many times belted on the butt.
Lauren Anderson: Several times they'll punching
Lauren Anderson: Oh no, it was, it was disciplinary it was when I was in trouble for a specific
Lauren Anderson: Thing, although that became kind of ambiguous once my step mom was in the picture. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, have you ever experienced having been touched in appropriately when you were when you were little sexually like
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're sexually molested
Lauren Anderson: I don't think I was kind of surprising. With how early. I started with that I see it was kind of like a fluke that I discovered it. I remember playing piano, but the urge and I don't know. Anyways, but I don't think so. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't remember being exposed to to sex porn. You don't remember any. Okay gotcha remember ever being neglected meeting left alone to feed yourself bathe yourself. Take care of yourself.
Cleaning
Gwenevere Abriel: Neglect. Were you ever bullied in school, you were bullied obviously by yourself and then I can hear that. But what about in school.
Lauren Anderson: No, I'm in high school I picked my best friends. I see. Now, they were they were mean to me they're kinda like my step mom. But, uh, those are my friends. So now, not, not in the classic sense of bowling. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever physically abused by a family member, friend partner a stranger.
No.
Lauren Anderson: Honey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you a survivor of an assault or domestic violence.
Lauren Anderson: No okay to go. No.
Lauren Anderson: No, my boyfriend's have been like my step mom, though, psychological, mental abusers.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, exactly profile, my stepmother, the guys that they did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they ever did. You never experienced a rape or or they you had sex when you
Lauren Anderson: Think someone slipped me something my drink. I know for sure that's that's what happened and and took advantage of me. Yes. Once
Gwenevere Abriel: Also a strange or did you ever report that to the place
Lauren Anderson: He was my friend. I knew him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me change that to strange
Lauren Anderson: He walked me to my first day in college. Next morning, very politely, the whole thing. So for years. I was, I felt guilty about both he didn't even realize it was right. It was only a handful. Years ago I find me realize that's what that was.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever set fires when you were a kid, did you ever binge eat where you cruel to animals steel bring a weapon to school, skip school run away any of those
Lauren Anderson: Know runway walk around the block a couple times as a kid upset, but not you know
Gwenevere Abriel: How far do you get to school.
Lauren Anderson: A
Lauren Anderson: Lots of lots of college degree yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a high school diploma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes I has high school diploma has some credits in college in
Lauren Anderson: 283 or something credit
Gwenevere Abriel: College.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe I'm doing the transcript. So we can. I can help. So I'm not typing. Are you currently employed.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Like typical a romantic relationship.
English
Gwenevere Abriel: financial status stable or unstable.
Lauren Anderson: Unstable, I guess. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You identify as heterosexual bisexual lesbian or hetero okay one partner multiple partner.
Lauren Anderson: No partner.
Lauren Anderson: After the lead last boyfriend was such an epi nightmare. I've just I didn't single so you know I've got my dogs company, and for the first time, I don't feel like I need to have a boyfriend or like codependent about it, which is really a new thing for me.
Lauren Anderson: My whole life. It's done one after the other.
Gwenevere Abriel: We living with
My dog.
Lauren Anderson: My me
Gwenevere Abriel: Nobody else right
Lauren Anderson: Nobody else. Hell no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Independent with pet any children have you given birth to anyone you
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it real quick. We got hobbies legal history. Here we go. What do you like to do you like to play it. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I love running a walk with my dog. I love bicycling I love play piano I'm reading writing songs and text just
Lauren Anderson: What else painting love painting. I'm not like a train painter. I just kind of like throwing around paint and having fun with it. So,
Lauren Anderson: I guess, but probably other stuff. Yeah, I got a lot of stuff, but keep me that's that's really cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. How many times have you been arrested lifetime.
Lauren Anderson: The DWI. And then I got arrested twice more on pretrial services for testing positive for coke. So all it was basically the one arrest.
Lauren Anderson: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: pre trial like violations so
Lauren Anderson: That's right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have any open cases you're not on pretrial release don't probation, parole practice.
Lauren Anderson: DWI was February 2007 THAT'S ONE AND ONLY ONE AND ONLY legal thing. Well, besides like a speeding ticket fuck ton of parking tickets
Gwenevere Abriel: Zero to 1010 is outstanding. My client just came in 10 is on the bomb in self esteem and zero is right. I just, I know. Good. So where do you fall in self esteem. What number zero no good 10 is I'm awesome.
Lauren Anderson: Where do you feel like I've kind of both. I feel I'm and I'm not in the middle I feel both ways. All right.
Lauren Anderson: I'm worthless terrible. I just, I'm such a failure fucked up so bad, so disappointed hard on myself, but I also like optimistic and positive and I know I have a lot of potential and talents and, you know,
Lauren Anderson: Both
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I can work with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're done with the formal part but these next two questions are really important. They have to do with we're going to set two goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to set lots of them as many or as little as you want but they're going to steer what we do because what you want out of this program is very central okay
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about your substance use. I'm going to be putting it in quotes. I want to hear from you sort of in the I want to, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. When you think of your
Gwenevere Abriel: Use. What do you want, what do you want to do.
Lauren Anderson: I want to never get taken a op. And again, I'm outside of provider helping me with, you know, a program like we're doing now.
Lauren Anderson: Ever, ever again. For starters, I know brought in it with my other substance abuse, but that's that's a really big, huge
Gwenevere Abriel: So, since you're on an opiate now that's going to confuse a little bit. Tell me.
Lauren Anderson: I don't want to use street drugs anymore.
Lauren Anderson: If I'm on opiate
Lauren Anderson: Treatment I I want it to be through a doctor and a
Lauren Anderson: I'd like to eventually wean off that even and I never want to return to heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Second, one has to do with this sort of sense of esteem. This sense of emotional lability my stress my anxiety my depression, self injury that's that sort of emotional world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over here either one. Is this you, you gave me the substitute one, next one is this. And then we're going to have to set our next appointment is it. What would you like to do more of, when you think about just behavioral health
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me try.
Lauren Anderson: I guess like for more counseling. I want to have more counseling to improve my
Gwenevere Abriel: Improve so you want to improve your mental health. Do you think that's a goal.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, like to work through my issues, I can or
Lauren Anderson: That's it.
Lauren Anderson: I'd like to find peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to find peace and
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure through my mental health issues.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah. And I realize a lot of it is just talking through a lot of the crap that's, you know, I've been holding inside me should have been through whatever therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Therapy. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she's in the next room. I want to, I want to be a human here for a second to
Lauren Anderson: remind you about the medication that can you
Lauren Anderson: remind the doctor that
Lauren Anderson: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, hold on, hold on, hold on, let me just, I do it, I do it immediately I'm writing the doctor. Now hold on it. Your doctor is dr Arielle and here I go. So I am with my client, she's meeting with me right now. Hold on, let me just write it lore and Anderson.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please tell her bps
Gwenevere Abriel: Her next group is when
Lauren Anderson: My dad at 1pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what, what do you want me to write. All right. One little sentence, but otherwise you'll have to talk with her on Monday. What do you want me to write
Lauren Anderson: Okay, well, I took the 20 milligrams a day on Monday and Tuesday, but I was feeling so withdrawals and six till that yes that Wednesday. Wednesday Thursday and Friday I took
Lauren Anderson: 24 milligrams a day. Um, so I now I just have one eight milligram tablet left. I'm sorry. I know that's a little harder to prescribe I wanted to be honest about it.
A second
Lauren Anderson: Sure.
I miss
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can't take that fast. So
Lauren Anderson: I'm two days three days 24
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm just gonna let her
Gwenevere Abriel: Let her do her job. Okay, I'll let her know you're here. Your next group is Monday. Let's schedule another time to meet us and needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: We already put something in place.
Lauren Anderson: I don't think so. I mean, we've got our group on Monday at one, but I don't think we have anything else scheduled
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you are you an early bird you get up early, or you don't.
Lauren Anderson: Do. Yeah, I wasn't. But I've not been sleeping well so anytime really is fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do two things. If it's okay, I'm going to put you on an on call is this number of the one I've been texting you are you seeing that
Lauren Anderson: That he. Great. Yeah, it's just my phone died, the other day and I was on a long ass walk so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't. I'm going to put all right, I have now at 46 minutes after. So I'm going to put you on call. But I'm also going to do something else I want to. Sure, sure thing for us, which is to 10pm march 31
Gwenevere Abriel: To 10
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm hoping I can meet with you before that, because that dips into this other half of my obligations in the day and I this is incredibly difficult to do. But I want to have something in place.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got something, but I'm going to really see over the weekend. I'll be able to confirm things with people and see what shifts and moves. I can do.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, I'm pretty flexible. You can let me know if you want to do a different time but
Lauren Anderson: Now you said the 31st of March 210
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you, if, if I sort of pull something up with this assessment because that does happen to people sometimes feel free to text me and say, hey, can we meet tonight or tomorrow. And let me see what I've got open. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Otherwise, your medication on my notified your physician.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll know Charlie little bit too because sometimes. She's just chillin on the weekend, but I'll let her know and then
Lauren Anderson: Let her know I've been taking 24 milligrams. The last couple days because that I only have one eight milligram tablet left
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll
Lauren Anderson: Important and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll touch on Monday group.
Lauren Anderson: Okay. Bye bye.